5 methods of building models:
    1: All in 
        (When to use it)
        * Prior Knowledge 
        * You have to 
        * Preparing for Backward Elimination

    2: Backward Elimination 
        (Steps) 
        Step 1: Select a significance level to stay in the model (eg. SL = 0.05)
        Step 2: Fit the full model with all possible predictors
        Step 3: Consider the predictor with the highest P-value. If P > SL, go to the STEP 4, otherwise go to FIN
        Step 4: Remove the predictor
        Step 5: Fit the model without this variable* (Rebuild the model)
            From step 5 go the step 3
        FIN: Your model is ready 

    3: Forward Selection
        (Steps)
        Step 1: Select a significance level to enter the model (eg. SL = 0.05)
        Step 2: Fit all simple regression models y ~ xₙ. Select the one with the lowest value.
        Step 3: Keep this variable and fit all possible models with one extra predictor added to the one(s) you already have
        Step 4: Consider the predictor with the lowest P-value. If P < SL, go to STEP 3, otherwise go to FIN
        FIN: Keep the previous model.

    4: Bidirectional Elimination
        (Steps)
        Step 1: Select a significance level to enter and to stay in the model. (eg. SLENTER = 0.05, SLSTAY = 0.05)
        Step 2: Perform the next step of Forward Selection (new variables must have: P < SLENTER to enter)
        Step 3: Perform ALL the steps of Backward Elimination (old variables must have: P < SLSTAY to stay)
            Go to Step 2 iteratively
        Step 4: No new variables can enter and no new variables can exit then FIN
        FIN: Your model is ready.
    5: Score Comparison

    All Possible Models:
        (steps)
        Step 1: Select a criterion of goodness of fit(eg. Akaike criterion)
        Step 2: Construct all possible regression models: 2ᴺ-1 total combinations.
        Step 3: Select the one with the best criterion
        FIN: Your model is ready

2, 3, 4, are together also known as Stepwise Regression.

